Fix typo in CCC use case section (#47)
yaronf/draft-tls-attestation: draft-fossati-tls-attestation.md

> resources hosted at a cloud service provider.  This is a typical
> scenario for secure, privacy-preserving multiparty computation,
> including anti-money laundering, drug development in healthcare, contact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources hosted at a cloud service provider.  This is a typical
scenario that requires secure, privacy-preserving multiparty computation,
environment for the workload. Typical workload examples include anti-money laundering,
drug development in healthcare, contact tracing in pandemic times,
Machine Learning (ML) model training, etc.
```

Author: I am not sure the suggested text is correct.  In particular: _"This is a typical
scenario that requires secure, privacy-preserving multiparty computation,
environment for the workload."_ seems backwards.

tracing in pandemic times, etc.

In such scenarios, the users (e.g., the party providing the data input for the

> computation, the party consuming the computed results, or the party

Reviewer: I think, we need to work more on the example here! Suddenly we introduced the term `party providing a proprietary ML model` without setting the context.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @yogeshbdeshpande. There is no mention of ML model before this point in time. A little more context should be provided here. 
Additionally, the abbreviation ML is not spelled out.

Author: Sure, the examples can always be improved.  The scope of this PR is narrower though: it's only meant to fix a bug in the actors' description.

Author: > Additionally, the abbreviation ML is not spelled out.

fixed in 459df76cf06ea8a17d140300ccf405d33df9dd90

Author: > I think, we need to work more on the example here! Suddenly we introduced the term `party providing a proprietary ML model` without setting the context.

fixed in d82eceed8438f3b44cde0170330a049134964243
